Rewrite getting started guide (#1766)
SAP/luigi: docs/getting-started.md

## Overview

> Luigi is an open source JavaScript framework for **micro frontends**. Micro frontends can be used to divide big frontend monoliths into smaller, simpler, independent chunks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Luigi is an open source JavaScript framework for **micro frontends**. Micro frontends that can be used to divide big frontend monoliths into smaller, simpler, independent chunks.
```

<!-- add-attribute:class:success -->
>**TIP:** Go to our [FAQ section](faq.md) to find more detailed answers to questions like *What are micro frontends?*

> The Luigi framework provides configuration options, API functions, and out-of-the-box features which make migrating to a micro frontend architecture easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Luigi framework provides configuration options, API functions and out-of-the-box features which make migrating to a micro frontend architecture easier.
```

> Furthermore, Luigi is **technology-agnostic**, which means you can use technologies like Angular, React, Vue, or anything else to create your frontend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, Luigi is **technology-agnostic**, which means you can use toolkits like OpenUI5, Angular, React, Vue, or anything else to create your frontend.
```

### Main features

<img src="https://github.com/SAP/luigi/blob/master/docs/assets/luigi-overview-diagram.jpg?raw=true" width="600"/>

Luigi consists of two main parts:

**Luigi Core** - refers to the "main app", in which your micro frontends (a.k.a. views) will be embedded. It offers some of the following configurable features:

> * [Navigation](navigation-configuration.md) - consistent user navigation created using special Luigi [parameters](navigation-parameters-reference.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Navigation](navigation-configuration.md) - consistent user navigation created using specific Luigi [parameters](navigation-parameters-reference.md).
```

* [Authorization](authorization-configuration.md) - integration with an authentication provider, allowing users to log in.
* [Localization](i18n.md) - displaying an application in multiple languages.

> * [General settings](general-settings.md) - other settings that can be configured in Luigi, such as HTML attributes, third-party cookie settings, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [General settings](general-settings.md) - other settings that can be configured in Luigi, such as HTML attributes, third-party cookie configuration and more.
```

> * [API](luigi-core-api.md) - functions to help with almost every part of your app, from navigation and authorization to adding a [search box](luigi-core-api.md#globalsearch) or configuring a light/dark [theme](luigi-core-api.md#theming).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [API](luigi-core-api.md) - functions to help with almost every part of your app: navigation, authorization, adding a [search box](luigi-core-api.md#globalsearch), configuring a light/dark [theme](luigi-core-api.md#theming) and others.
```

**Luigi Client** - refers to Luigi options related to micro frontends:
* [API](luigi-client-api.md)  - diverse API functions which can be used on the micro frontend side.

> * [Communication](communication.md)  - sending messages between the micro frontend and the main application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Communication](communication.md)  - sending messages between the micro frontend and the main application (Luigi Core module).
```

* [OpenUI5](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-example-openui5)
* [Svelte](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-example-svelte)
* [Plain JavaScript](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-example-js)
* [NextJS](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-example-next)

You can install them by following the instructions in the `README` file of each example.

### Luigi shopping app (tutorial)

Our [tutorial](https://developers.sap.com/group.luigi-app.html) on how to create a React and UI5 web-shopping application is intended for beginners, but it still delves deeper into Luigi's functions. It covers topics such as:
- how to create a Luigi app from scratch
- how to use the Luigi Core and Client APIs
- how to create a micro frontend
- how to add localization to your app and display it in multiple languages

The whole tutorial should take about an hour to complete. The source code for the tutorial app can be found [here](https://github.com/SAP-samples/luigi-micro-frontend-application).

### e2e example

> This example application was created for testing purposes and it includes all possible Luigi features in one place. This makes it complicated and unsuitable for beginners, but it can be useful if you want to explore our framework in more detail or [contribute](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to the Luigi project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example application was created for testing purposes and it includes all possible Luigi features in one place. It might be complicated and unsuitable for beginners, but useful if you want to explore our framework in more detail or [contribute](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to the Luigi project.
```
